{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README for the part-of-speech tagging corpus used in Coding Assignment 1, USC course CSCI-544 (Applied Natural Language Processing), Spring 2018.\
\
The corpus has been adapted from the English (Original), Chinese (GSD), and Hindi (Original) sections of the universal dependencies corpus. The source corpora, documentation, and credits can be found at http://universaldependencies.org\
\
- en_train_dev_tagged.txt is the training data with tagged words for the English corpus. \
- en_test_raw.txt is the English testing data. \
- en_test_tagged.txt is the tagged testing data for English corpus.\
\
- hi_train_dev_tagged.txt is the training data with tagged words for the Hindi corpus. \
- hi_test_raw.txt is the Hindi testing data. \
- hi_test_tagged.txt is the tagged testing data for Hindi corpus.\
\
- zh_train_dev_tagged.txt is the training data with tagged words for the Chinese corpus. \
- zh_test_raw.txt is the Chinese testing data. \
- zh_test_tagged.txt is the tagged testing data for Chinese corpus.\
\
Adaptations include:\
\
- The corpus contains only tokens and original parts of speech.\
- In the Chinese corpus, the tag / was replaced with SLASH.\
- The format has been changed to the word/TAG format, with each sentence on a separate line. The 'raw' files contain the words only.\
\
Adaptations were made by Ron Artstein, artstein@ict.usc.edu\
\
The coding assignment corpus is licensed under the same terms as the original: \
\
The English portion is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0\
\
The Chinese and Hindi portions are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0\
\
\
}